all right check it out in this video
I'll be teaching you how to transfer
paint from any two female cans into one
another it's a really easy process and
basically designed to fill up a little
pocket can such as this little freebie I
got but uh first off you can use female
cans two male cans like painters touch
and stuff like that but that doesn't
really work as well I've also seen
people use like sec Kappa doctors
between cans to get them to work like
that but this is a pretty sure proof
method and the best way I've found so I
just want to get to needle caps and they
can actually be punched together into a
one kind of cap system
I've seen this tried with like wd-40 uh
like paint cans because uh just the tips
of those have like a straw on it but
this is definitely the best method I've
found when working with it so basically
just pop one into the other and then
onto your can you can put the one can
that you want the paint to go into so in
this case the pocket can into like a
freezer or something if it has some
paint in it so that way it is a lot more
low-pressure than the other can so the
paint wants to mix to the right one so
basically make sure both cancer well
this can't doesn't have any paint in it
but make sure your can that you're
mixing from is all shaken up and once
that make sure you screw the tip on
really tight make sure it's good to go
and then you're going to want to press
down the can you want the paint to go
into first I like to put mine on top as
well so this one's feeding up into it
because if you off flip this can over
the straw is on the bottom of the can
which now doesn't have any paint around
it because the paint's all settled down
so be sure to have this can on top
depress though can that you want the
paint to go into it first and then the
bottom can and I'm not sure if you can
hear it but the paint kind of has a
drippy kind of sensation I don't know
listen for it and so if you hear that
you know the paint's going in and you
just hold it for a little bit I'm using
blue paint because before I had put some
pink in here and yeah so give it a
little bit I'm not
really sure what it feels like once it's
full so I just kind of keep going at it
until you know I get a good good sense
in there and then it kind of pops off
and get to paint a little little place
but no big deal take that off and be
sure to spray that out with um you know
just another can to ensure that it's not
going to get clogged up because I've had
the stems of those get clogged up pretty
easily so I'm just going to grab another
cap and test this out
so there you have it you can kind of see
that it's definitely not the same color
as this exact can so I'll just throw a
cap on this one sheet to show you the
kind of difference because you can see I
had some other color in there so this
can actually work to mix your own paint
as well because I had some pink in there
and the light blue kind of mixed with
the pink to make this little purple
color yeah it works well um you're not
going to get a ton of tags out of it
because it is such a small stipend of
paint but it's a nice little free pocket
can for sure so if you have any
questions leave them in the comments and
it's really going to do it for me